README.md, before:

# PF2E-Macros-for-Foundry-VTT

This repo is a collection of macros for use with the Pathfinder 2E system on Foundry VTT.

## dread_marshal_stance.js

This macro is used for attempting to enter the Dread Marshal Stance from the Marshal Archetype. It will roll an intimidation check vs. the standard DC of the level of the character. It will show reminder text for what happens depending on the roll. It will automatically determine the highest amount of damage dice of equipped weapons to figure out the status bonus to damage rolls.

## inside_dread_marshal_stance_aura.js

This macro should be used by any character that is inside of the Dread Marshal Stance (including the character with the Dread Marshal Stance).

## inside_inspiring_marshal_stance.js

This macro should be used by any character that is inside of the Inspiring Marshal Stance (including the character with the Inspiring Marshal Stance).

## inspiring_marshal_stance.js

This macro is used for attemping to enter the Inspiring Marshal Stance from the Marshal Archetype. It will roll a Diplomacy check vs. the standard DC of the level of the character. It will show reminder text for what happens depending on the roll. 

## song_of_strength.js

This macro should be used by anyone within range of a Song of Strength.

## weapon_disarm.js

This macro will roll an athletics check and automatically add in the item bonus of the equipped weapon with the highest potency rune that has the Disarm trait.

## weapon_shove.js

This macro will roll an athletics check and automatically add in the item bonus of the equipped weapon with the highest potency rune that has the Shove trait.

## weapon_trip.js

This macro will roll an athletics check and automatically add in the item bonus of the equipped weapon with the highest potency rune that has the Trip trait.

Commit message:

Added info about ctrl and alt on athletics rolls

README.md, after:

# PF2E-Macros-for-Foundry-VTT

This repo is a collection of macros for use with the Pathfinder 2E system on Foundry VTT.

## dread_marshal_stance.js

This macro is used for attempting to enter the Dread Marshal Stance from the Marshal Archetype. It will roll an intimidation check vs. the standard DC of the level of the character. It will show reminder text for what happens depending on the roll. It will automatically determine the highest amount of damage dice of equipped weapons to figure out the status bonus to damage rolls.

## inside_dread_marshal_stance_aura.js

This macro should be used by any character that is inside of the Dread Marshal Stance (including the character with the Dread Marshal Stance).

## inside_inspiring_marshal_stance.js

This macro should be used by any character that is inside of the Inspiring Marshal Stance (including the character with the Inspiring Marshal Stance).

## inspiring_marshal_stance.js

This macro is used for attemping to enter the Inspiring Marshal Stance from the Marshal Archetype. It will roll a Diplomacy check vs. the standard DC of the level of the character. It will show reminder text for what happens depending on the roll. 

## song_of_strength.js

This macro should be used by anyone within range of a Song of Strength.

## weapon_disarm.js

This macro will roll an athletics check and automatically add in the item bonus of the equipped weapon with the highest potency rune that has the Disarm trait. Holding Ctrl while clicking on the macro will apply the 1st MAP. Holding alt will automatically apply the 2nd MAP.

## weapon_shove.js

This macro will roll an athletics check and automatically add in the item bonus of the equipped weapon with the highest potency rune that has the Shove trait. Holding Ctrl while clicking on the macro will apply the 1st MAP. Holding alt will automatically apply the 2nd MAP.

## weapon_trip.js

This macro will roll an athletics check and automatically add in the item bonus of the equipped weapon with the highest potency rune that has the Trip trait. Holding Ctrl while clicking on the macro will apply the 1st MAP. Holding alt will automatically apply the 2nd MAP.
